Sun and Moon/script.md, before:


---

We think it's Elanor the whole time, but turns out they both conspired together.
Diane brought Ken to the street where Elanor drove the car.

Car used: coupe deville, black convertable cadillac

# Theme
Both Elanor and Diane feel invisible in their relationship. They feel resentment

> The polices ruled it as a suicide, but Ken's sister (Kisaki) thinks otherwise, thus hired Ramos to investigate.

## Deconstruct tropes
femme fatale => hopeless romantic
damsel in distress => the practical woman

# S 1: morning Elanor

> Est she's his wife
Elanor plays the part of a grieving widow well
ends with she reveals he knows he a mistress

*In a room with no windows sits an KAI and ELANOR. There's a half empty box of tissues and by it a trash can filled with them.*

Kai: So Thursday night was the last time you saw Kenji Ishida?

Elanor: *sniffs and nods* Yes. After our fight, he stormed out. *cries again* I wish those weren't our last words.

Kai: What he say anything when he left?

Elanor: Nothing *sniff sniff*  When he's angry, he just shuts down. He becomes a statue, it's impossible to get through to him, he won't even look at you.

Kai: What do you do then?

Elanor: What can I do?! *yells back* 

Kai: *startled by Elanor's response*

Elanor: It feels no matter what I do, no matter how hard I try. Our marriage is bonded to sail off the end of the earth.

Kai: Why do you say that?

Elanor: *cries, hiccups*. We've been struggling for a long time. *blows noses into tissue* It isn't suppose to be like this! When we first met, we were so right for each other. And in this vast world, we've found each other.

Kai: When do you two meet?

Elanor: Junior year...

Kai: So yo met in college?

Elanor: Highschool, we were each other's first... *paused* first and only.... *looks sternly at the table and grips into her tissue hard*

Kai: *pushes a cup to tea towards Elanor* take your time. And you guys have been together since then?

Elanor: *nods* We got married, straight after college. My parents loved him, and in their mind why wait. When you've found the one, that's it. 

Kai: Did you think he was the one?

Elanor: *long pause* I used to think... that I was so lucky. That the guy I liked, liked me back. I mean isn't that rare? Normally crushes are one sided. I saw all my friends in high school get their hearts broken so many times. But lately, I've been wondering if I've been missing out on life because we got lucky.

Kai: Why have you been wondering?

Elanor: Ken, though all these years he just kept on changing. Maybe it's because I'm an elementary school teacher, but I essentially feel like the same person year after year. And I feel that he just left me behind. He couldn't even wait for me, he had to die first.

Kai: Regarding that, do you think he's planned it?

Elanor: What do you mean? He killed himself, how could he have not planned it?!

Kai: Yes, the police ruled it as a suicide. There was a note, and __blank__ is a common method of death one can self administer. But his sister thinks otherwise. That's why I am talking to you today, to get a better understanding of the circumstances of your late husband's life.

Elanor: Kisaki has always had it out for me. At the funeral, she directly accused me. In front of the whole family.

Kai: What did she say?

Elanor:  *burst out into tears again* That I poisoned him out of jealousy, when I found out about his affair.

> Elanor doesn't come out straight to say it straight, it is revealed.
> Kai knew about Diane

# S 2: noon Diane
> Mentions lunch form Press
Starts to hint that Diane knows Elanor
We see that Diane was really in love with someone (with whom, it's never clarified).
We are starting suspect Diane too, because she talks about feeling resentment about the situation

*Diane sits cross legged with one of her legs swinging. She is fully dressed in black. On the table is a hat with a mesh vail. Kai enters the room with a brown bag.*

Kai: Sure you're not hungry? *takes a panini sandwich out of the bag* 

Diane: *wrinkles her nose and eyes the sandwich* No, I'm fine.

Kai: *raises half of the sandwich as if to toast, and her eyebrows* Next time, you're in the neighborhood. You gotta try Press, best panini shop in Queens.

Diane: I don't frequent this area often, but thank you. I'm sure you didn't have me come this far out for lunch.

Kai: Right, *opens their laptop*  Can you tell me about, how you've come to know Kenji Ishida?

Diane: Our companies shared and office space. *sighs, she closes her eyes. A silent moment passes*

*In the silhouette  screen a female figure appears*

Diane: *finally opens her eyes, her gaze is far away. Almost excitedly she smiles,* I remember that morning, I went to the pantry to get a much needed coffee. Ken was doing push up on the floor, and without realizing my heel landed on his hand.

*Shadows: Diane falls as Ken flinches from the pain. She rushes to apologize, Ken laughs and motions he's fine. She laughs too.*

Diane: He kept on saying he was fine, just anxious about the investor meeting today. He even noticed my eyes were puffy and asked if I was ok. I said, 'just another first date fail, you know how it is on the apps'. He said he's never been on the apps, then started asking me about what they are like. And boy did I have a library of horror stories to tell.

Kai: I'm sorry, my friends tell me guys on the apps are the worst.

Diane:  It's not just guys *raises her eyes at Kai, and leans toward on desk*

Kai: Oh. *uncertain if Diane is trying to hit on them*

Diane: *pulls back towards her set, and returns to a normal tone* Kind of to think about it, women have ghosted me more.

> How Diane feel for Ken. She thought his relation was on the verge of ending

Kai: So from that day, you and Ken...

Diane: It was innocent at first, we were just pals. We mostly ate lunch together in the courtyard. Talked about the insanity that went on in our start ups. He wanted to hear about my dating life. I don't know why anyone would, it's pretty sad. *looks down* connecting to people is so hard, maybe it's just me. But talking to Ken, just feels so easy.

Kai: Did you have feelings for him then?

Diane: I don't know, maybe? When we first met in the pantry, I felt my heart flutter a bit. But it could have just been the situation. A clumsy meet cute, felt almost like we were in a rom-com. I guess something like that is hard to feel with someone you meet on the apps. Life has no happy accidents anymore. There's no magic.

Kai: And you want magic?

Diane: I want.... a good story.

Kai: So what is this story? He listened to your stories...

Diane: I think he liked them because he was living vicariously through me. He later opened up to tell me his own marriage was in shambles. And that his wife is about to leave him.

*Shadow: Ken pulls Diane closer, almost as if about to kiss her*

Diane: Only that was a lie. Elanor had no such intention back then.

*Shadow: Diane pushes Ken away*

Kai: How did you know that?

Diane: Elanor came to see me.

# S 3: evening Elanor

*Elanor is back, same outfit as before but this time she has a silk shaw*


```
Shows how Elanor was feeling about the whole situation
Kai finally catches Elanor in a lie. Seems like we have the killer. Elanor is wearing a silk shaw.
```

Elanor: She was not the woman, I'd expected.

Kai: What had you expected?

Elanor: I didn't expect the other woman to be someone rather awkward; she looked so normal, fuzzy sweater and hippo slippers. 

Kai: People always expects the mistress to be a beautiful seductress, but most of the time she's just a woman desperate to be loved.

Elanor: *sighs and softens her eyes*, yea, Diane... is the type to open her heart to just about anyone. *lost in a daze*

# S 4: Diane

Kai: Did you know who she was?

Diane: No, at first I though she was some bible peddler. They still do that you know? Go from door to door. She looked at me up and down.

*Shadows: Elanor steps forward and closes in on Diane, she puts her nose towards Diane's neck.*

Diane: Then she said "why do I smell my husband's after shave on you?" And I can tell it wasn't a question. *her face started to turn red* It all came crumbling in. *hiccup* The reality of what I thought was my romance. *hiccup* all this time his wife felt like an abstract concept, but there she was right in front of me. If she were to physically hurt me, right then and there. I would have let her.

Kai: Did she?

Diane: *started to gather herself a bit* No, she...

# S 5: Elanor

Elanor: I lost it and broke down crying at her doorstep that afternoon. She invited me in, a stranger, who had every reason to hurt her. She drew up a warm face towel, and brewed tea.

*Shadow Diane pulls shadow Elanor into a dance, they begin a slow mirrored choreography*

Elanor: Apparently, Ken told her that I was planning on leaving him.

Kai: Were you?

Elanor: No! At least not back then.

*Focuses on the shadows of Elanor and Diane in a dance, as they speak*

Elanor: I sometimes wonder how my life would have turned out, if Ken and I didn't get married so young.

Diane: You two were lucky, the rest of us out there are trying to find the one in an ocean of a endless choices. It's the endless choices that makes commitment hard.

Elanor: Hah, you can say that but... did you know I got into Julliard? What if I had persuade being a professional violinist instead of getting a masters in education.

Diane: Do you still play?

Elanor: I wish, if only there was more time. One thing they never tell you is that homework never ends, even if you aren't the student.

Diane: Do you regret being a teacher?

Elanor: The kids are sweet, but I mostly regret marrying. Because if I didn't our family would have let me pursue music. But they said it's better this way. Ken works very hard at stressful job, while I provide stability with mine.

Diane: Yea, his boss is always breathing down his neck.

Elanor: When he gets home, he's just a zombie. But I tell myself maybe that's ok, and maybe he won't notice, my doubts about our marriage.

Diane: How long have you been feeling this way?

Elanor: I can't remember. But when I feel this way I scold myself for not appreciating the life I do have.

Diane: You can't help the way you feel. And you can't force yourself into a feeling a certain way, just because that's what you think you should feel.

Elanor: What if the way I feel will hurt him? I can't let him know.

Diane: But he knows something is up, he seems to think you're planning to leave him.

*the music stops, the two dancers separate*

Elanor: Is that why?

Diane: *nods* I'm sorry. I shouldn't have, even if that were the case.

*The shadow dancers fade and we come back into focus with Elanor and Kai in the room*

`Elanor confronts Ken`

Kai: So Diane confirmed your suspicious...

Elanor: *nods* that night I told Ken, that I knew everything.

Kai: Did he try to deny it?

Elanor: No, *smiles* he got on his knees and begged me to forgive him.

Kai: Forgiveness is yours to give, not for him to ask for.

Elanor: There was a part of me that wanted to use this as an excuse to get a divorce. But he's the only love I've never known, so maybe it's worth a fight. He even agree to see counseling together.

Kai: Uh no, not the one next door? She's a quack, just skip the formalities and go see the one in the basement if you really want to fix your marriage.

Elanor: If only we knew that sooner... so we really tried to work things out. I told him to never see Diane again.

# S 6: Diane

Diane: That night Ken called me four times. The first three times, I let it go to voicemail. I knew what was coming.

Kai:  Why did you finally answer.

Diane: I guess I wanted closure. Even if I knew why, I still needed to hear the words from him.
*holds the veil on her hat over her eyes* he said he wanted to give me back my things.

# S 7: Elanor

Shadow Elanor: *looks over a Pucca & Garu dufflel bag* So that's everything?

Shadow Kens: *nods and walks off stage*

Elanor: After I give her back her things, I thought "great this woman will be out of our lives."

Shadow Elanor pulls out a silk the bag slowly

Elanor:  I couldn't help to wonder what Ken saw in Diane.

Shadow Elanor puts the scarf on herself, and twirls around in front of the mirror.

Elanor: What he did with Diane.... *close her eyes*

Shadow Elanor summons a Shadow Ken from the ground, they dance intimately.

Elanor: How he'll touch her

Shadow Ken pulls Shadow Elanor close, their shadows combine. When they part it is Shadow Diane and Shadow Ken, Shadow Elanor is in the middle.

Elanor: I let my mind play games with me. *shaking her head in tears* Always imagining the worst!

Shadow Diane and Shadow Ken dance around Shadow Elanor.

Elanor: The way she sounds

Shadow Diane takes the front

Elanor: What her skin feels like

Shadow Elanor reaches out to Shadow Diane. Shadow Diane pulls her into a dance.
Shadow Ken fades backwards and disappears.

Shadow Elanor and Shadow Diane dance an epic tango. It ends with a kiss.

We zoom into Elanor opening her eyes in shock.

# S 8: Diane

Diane: A few days later, Elanor who came to drop off my things. I almost wanted ask her to leave it at the door. I couldn't bare for anyone to see me that day.

Kai: Why not?

Diane: Since Ken's call I haven't left my house. *looks down* But I didn't want to treat her like a deliveryman during the pandemic.

# S 9: Elanor

Elanor: When I waited at Diane's door my heart was pounding. I was more nervous than when I went to find out who's the woman my husband is seeing.

Kai: How is this different?

Elanor: It was a weird mix of excitement, nervous, and strange sadness. This will be the last time I will see her, only having just met her. I feel I might be missing out on the chance of something... I don't know.

Kai: You two did have a deep conversation last time you talked.

Elanor: Yes. When she opened the door, I saw someone I didn't want to recognize. My mother had depression when we were growing up. She'll do her duties as a wife and mother, then after that sleep all day.

Kai: And you saw it in Diane.

Elanor: Yes, but this was more acute. She looks like she hasn't showered in days. When I came into her apartment, I saw one of Ken's sweaters. I bet she's been living in it, and only took it off when she saw it was me at the door.

# 10. Diane's apartment

Elanor: Ken wanted to come see you to give these things back. But I felt it will be easier for us all, if he didn't.

Diane: *nods* 

- [ ] Somehow Elanor talks herself into the apartment

Diane: I saw the way she looked at me and my apartment. I didn't want her to pity me.

*Her couch has a big weighted blanket, Ken's sweater, plushies, and pillows. It looks as if she migrated the contents of her bed into the couch. There is a start contrast between the sparking clean kitchen with a vitamix, bowl of fruits. Line up as almost ritualistically are empty liquor and wine bottles. It was a space that was normally clean and minimalist, that acquuired a new found clutter.* 

Elanor: *picks up an empty wine bottle* oh! I love this too. Have you tried their orange wine?

Diane: No, I haven't. I only drink reds.

Elanor: Even in the summer? You know, it's okay to like sweet things one in a while.

Diane: *sheepish smile*

Elanor: I know, I'm not your favorite person right now.

Diane: *starts picking up the clutter around the room, not looking at Elanor* I don't blame you. It was bond to happen. *She throw them in the recycle bing* It would have been silly to think our relationship could have turned out any differently.

Elanor: Maybe go for someone who's single next time?

Diane: *sighs* Don't think my heart has capacity for a next time.

Elanor: Just give it time.

Diane:*shakes her head* no, it's not just this. It's all of it, I'm tired of trying to find the one.

Elanor: Do you still believe that exist? The one?

Diane: Even if it doesn't, I feel it's the delusion we must tell ourselves to keep going.

Elanor: Even if it doesn't we can still keep going. When we got married, I thought I had found the one.
But through the years of marriage, I've come to learn that it's less about destiny but choice.

Diane: Like the act of me being on the apps in a choice? I am making an effort to find the one by seeeking it rather than waiting?

Elanor: Some what. How do you figure out if someone is the one?

Diane: It's just a feeling. I haven't really had that feeling with anyone in a very long time.... well I've had with Ken, but...

Elanor: Does the feeling tell you if you guys will be compatiable or not?

Diane: *thinks for a long moment* probably not.

```
Diane believes in soulmates
Elanor believes that its more about who we decide to spend our lives with
How do their different perspectives collide?
More importantly, how do they find common ground?

What are their different live experiences that lead them to their beliefs?
Elanor's parents are disinterested in eachother and tolerate eachother. But at the same hand, she never saw it as bad. And just believe that's the way marriage is suppose to be. You stick together for the children, for the peace of a community. Elanor's choices to marry Ken and uphold traditions is out of wanting to keep the stability.

Diane's was raised by her mom. Her mom believe that she had already found the one, and he died. Having never seen her parents in a real relationship, she only had stories to model her vision of romance from.
She's idealistic, she wants a story book romance.

Diane teaches Elanor to dream, and Elanor keeps Diane grounded.

```



# Intermission

> Shadow of Elanor and Diane walking on a tight stairwell, they notice each other and slows down. When they are on the same step the pause for a very long moment.

# S 4: night Diane
> Elanor's feelings from the last scene are reflected back
> Diane is wearing the same shaw as Elanor from the previous scene.


> Kai: When was the last time you saw Ken?
> Diane falls for it and tells them about when she went to visit Elanor,
> after she senses something is wrong.


> Kai: Did you kill Kenji Ishida?
> 
> Elanor: *looks down and diverts her gaze* It was an accident
> 

> Diane: No, because I killed Kenji Ishida.

# S 5: 6am Kai solves the case

> Ends with Diane pulling up in a convertable. Reveals Elanor walking down the steps of of the agency, shows they are next to a marriage counseling therapist, and an adult toys store. Elanor kisses Diane.

Commit message:

elanor invested into diane's love life

Sun and Moon/script.md, after:


---

We think it's Elanor the whole time, but turns out they both conspired together.
Diane brought Ken to the street where Elanor drove the car.

Car used: coupe deville, black convertable cadillac

# Theme
Both Elanor and Diane feel invisible in their relationship. They feel resentment

> The polices ruled it as a suicide, but Ken's sister (Kisaki) thinks otherwise, thus hired Ramos to investigate.

## Deconstruct tropes
femme fatale => hopeless romantic
damsel in distress => the practical woman

# S 1: morning Elanor

> Est she's his wife
Elanor plays the part of a grieving widow well
ends with she reveals he knows he a mistress

*In a room with no windows sits an KAI and ELANOR. There's a half empty box of tissues and by it a trash can filled with them.*

Kai: So Thursday night was the last time you saw Kenji Ishida?

Elanor: *sniffs and nods* Yes. After our fight, he stormed out. *cries again* I wish those weren't our last words.

Kai: What he say anything when he left?

Elanor: Nothing *sniff sniff*  When he's angry, he just shuts down. He becomes a statue, it's impossible to get through to him, he won't even look at you.

Kai: What do you do then?

Elanor: What can I do?! *yells back* 

Kai: *startled by Elanor's response*

Elanor: It feels no matter what I do, no matter how hard I try. Our marriage is bonded to sail off the end of the earth.

Kai: Why do you say that?

Elanor: *cries, hiccups*. We've been struggling for a long time. *blows noses into tissue* It isn't suppose to be like this! When we first met, we were so right for each other. And in this vast world, we've found each other.

Kai: When do you two meet?

Elanor: Junior year...

Kai: So yo met in college?

Elanor: Highschool, we were each other's first... *paused* first and only.... *looks sternly at the table and grips into her tissue hard*

Kai: *pushes a cup to tea towards Elanor* take your time. And you guys have been together since then?

Elanor: *nods* We got married, straight after college. My parents loved him, and in their mind why wait. When you've found the one, that's it. 

Kai: Did you think he was the one?

Elanor: *long pause* I used to think... that I was so lucky. That the guy I liked, liked me back. I mean isn't that rare? Normally crushes are one sided. I saw all my friends in high school get their hearts broken so many times. But lately, I've been wondering if I've been missing out on life because we got lucky.

Kai: Why have you been wondering?

Elanor: Ken, though all these years he just kept on changing. Maybe it's because I'm an elementary school teacher, but I essentially feel like the same person year after year. And I feel that he just left me behind. He couldn't even wait for me, he had to die first.

Kai: Regarding that, do you think he's planned it?

Elanor: What do you mean? He killed himself, how could he have not planned it?!

Kai: Yes, the police ruled it as a suicide. There was a note, and __blank__ is a common method of death one can self administer. But his sister thinks otherwise. That's why I am talking to you today, to get a better understanding of the circumstances of your late husband's life.

Elanor: Kisaki has always had it out for me. At the funeral, she directly accused me. In front of the whole family.

Kai: What did she say?

Elanor:  *burst out into tears again* That I poisoned him out of jealousy, when I found out about his affair.

> Elanor doesn't come out straight to say it straight, it is revealed.
> Kai knew about Diane

# S 2: noon Diane
> Mentions lunch form Press
Starts to hint that Diane knows Elanor
We see that Diane was really in love with someone (with whom, it's never clarified).
We are starting suspect Diane too, because she talks about feeling resentment about the situation

*Diane sits cross legged with one of her legs swinging. She is fully dressed in black. On the table is a hat with a mesh vail. Kai enters the room with a brown bag.*

Kai: Sure you're not hungry? *takes a panini sandwich out of the bag* 

Diane: *wrinkles her nose and eyes the sandwich* No, I'm fine.

Kai: *raises half of the sandwich as if to toast, and her eyebrows* Next time, you're in the neighborhood. You gotta try Press, best panini shop in Queens.

Diane: I don't frequent this area often, but thank you. I'm sure you didn't have me come this far out for lunch.

Kai: Right, *opens their laptop*  Can you tell me about, how you've come to know Kenji Ishida?

Diane: Our companies shared and office space. *sighs, she closes her eyes. A silent moment passes*

*In the silhouette  screen a female figure appears*

Diane: *finally opens her eyes, her gaze is far away. Almost excitedly she smiles,* I remember that morning, I went to the pantry to get a much needed coffee. Ken was doing push up on the floor, and without realizing my heel landed on his hand.

*Shadows: Diane falls as Ken flinches from the pain. She rushes to apologize, Ken laughs and motions he's fine. She laughs too.*

Diane: He kept on saying he was fine, just anxious about the investor meeting today. He even noticed my eyes were puffy and asked if I was ok. I said, 'just another first date fail, you know how it is on the apps'. He said he's never been on the apps, then started asking me about what they are like. And boy did I have a library of horror stories to tell.

Kai: I'm sorry, my friends tell me guys on the apps are the worst.

Diane:  It's not just guys *raises her eyes at Kai, and leans toward on desk*

Kai: Oh. *uncertain if Diane is trying to hit on them*

Diane: *pulls back towards her set, and returns to a normal tone* Kind of to think about it, women have ghosted me more.

> How Diane feel for Ken. She thought his relation was on the verge of ending

Kai: So from that day, you and Ken...

Diane: It was innocent at first, we were just pals. We mostly ate lunch together in the courtyard. Talked about the insanity that went on in our start ups. He wanted to hear about my dating life. I don't know why anyone would, it's pretty sad. *looks down* connecting to people is so hard, maybe it's just me. But talking to Ken, just feels so easy.

Kai: Did you have feelings for him then?

Diane: I don't know, maybe? When we first met in the pantry, I felt my heart flutter a bit. But it could have just been the situation. A clumsy meet cute, felt almost like we were in a rom-com. I guess something like that is hard to feel with someone you meet on the apps. Life has no happy accidents anymore. There's no magic.

Kai: And you want magic?

Diane: I want.... a good story.

Kai: So what is this story? He listened to your stories...

Diane: I think he liked them because he was living vicariously through me. He later opened up to tell me his own marriage was in shambles. And that his wife is about to leave him.

*Shadow: Ken pulls Diane closer, almost as if about to kiss her*

Diane: Only that was a lie. Elanor had no such intention back then.

*Shadow: Diane pushes Ken away*

Kai: How did you know that?

Diane: Elanor came to see me.

# S 3: evening Elanor

*Elanor is back, same outfit as before but this time she has a silk shaw*


```
Shows how Elanor was feeling about the whole situation
Kai finally catches Elanor in a lie. Seems like we have the killer. Elanor is wearing a silk shaw.
```

Elanor: She was not the woman, I'd expected.

Kai: What had you expected?

Elanor: I didn't expect the other woman to be someone rather awkward; she looked so normal, fuzzy sweater and hippo slippers. 

Kai: People always expects the mistress to be a beautiful seductress, but most of the time she's just a woman desperate to be loved.

Elanor: *sighs and softens her eyes*, yea, Diane... is the type to open her heart to just about anyone. *lost in a daze*

# S 4: Diane

Kai: Did you know who she was?

Diane: No, at first I though she was some bible peddler. They still do that you know? Go from door to door. She looked at me up and down.

*Shadows: Elanor steps forward and closes in on Diane, she puts her nose towards Diane's neck.*

Diane: Then she said "why do I smell my husband's after shave on you?" And I can tell it wasn't a question. *her face started to turn red* It all came crumbling in. *hiccup* The reality of what I thought was my romance. *hiccup* all this time his wife felt like an abstract concept, but there she was right in front of me. If she were to physically hurt me, right then and there. I would have let her.

Kai: Did she?

Diane: *started to gather herself a bit* No, she...

# S 5: Elanor

Elanor: I lost it and broke down crying at her doorstep that afternoon. She invited me in, a stranger, who had every reason to hurt her. She drew up a warm face towel, and brewed tea.

*Shadow Diane pulls shadow Elanor into a dance, they begin a slow mirrored choreography*

Elanor: Apparently, Ken told her that I was planning on leaving him.

Kai: Were you?

Elanor: No! At least not back then.

*Focuses on the shadows of Elanor and Diane in a dance, as they speak*

Elanor: I sometimes wonder how my life would have turned out, if Ken and I didn't get married so young.

Diane: You two were lucky, the rest of us out there are trying to find the one in an ocean of a endless choices. It's the endless choices that makes commitment hard.

Elanor: Hah, you can say that but... did you know I got into Julliard? What if I had persuade being a professional violinist instead of getting a masters in education.

Diane: Do you still play?

Elanor: I wish, if only there was more time. One thing they never tell you is that homework never ends, even if you aren't the student.

Diane: Do you regret being a teacher?

Elanor: The kids are sweet, but I mostly regret marrying. Because if I didn't our family would have let me pursue music. But they said it's better this way. Ken works very hard at stressful job, while I provide stability with mine.

Diane: Yea, his boss is always breathing down his neck.

Elanor: When he gets home, he's just a zombie. But I tell myself maybe that's ok, and maybe he won't notice, my doubts about our marriage.

Diane: How long have you been feeling this way?

Elanor: I can't remember. But when I feel this way I scold myself for not appreciating the life I do have.

Diane: You can't help the way you feel. And you can't force yourself into a feeling a certain way, just because that's what you think you should feel.

Elanor: What if the way I feel will hurt him? I can't let him know.

Diane: But he knows something is up, he seems to think you're planning to leave him.

*the music stops, the two dancers separate*

Elanor: Is that why?

Diane: *nods* I'm sorry. I shouldn't have, even if that were the case.

*The shadow dancers fade and we come back into focus with Elanor and Kai in the room*

`Elanor confronts Ken`

Kai: So Diane confirmed your suspicious...

Elanor: *nods* that night I told Ken, that I knew everything.

Kai: Did he try to deny it?

Elanor: No, *smiles* he got on his knees and begged me to forgive him.

Kai: Forgiveness is yours to give, not for him to ask for.

Elanor: There was a part of me that wanted to use this as an excuse to get a divorce. But he's the only love I've never known, so maybe it's worth a fight. He even agree to see counseling together.

Kai: Uh no, not the one next door? She's a quack, just skip the formalities and go see the one in the basement if you really want to fix your marriage.

Elanor: If only we knew that sooner... so we really tried to work things out. I told him to never see Diane again.

# S 6: Diane

Diane: That night Ken called me four times. The first three times, I let it go to voicemail. I knew what was coming.

Kai:  Why did you finally answer.

Diane: I guess I wanted closure. Even if I knew why, I still needed to hear the words from him.
*holds the veil on her hat over her eyes* he said he wanted to give me back my things.

# S 7: Elanor

Shadow Elanor: *looks over a Pucca & Garu dufflel bag* So that's everything?

Shadow Kens: *nods and walks off stage*

Elanor: After I give her back her things, I thought "great this woman will be out of our lives."

Shadow Elanor pulls out a silk the bag slowly

Elanor:  I couldn't help to wonder what Ken saw in Diane.

Shadow Elanor puts the scarf on herself, and twirls around in front of the mirror.

Elanor: What he did with Diane.... *close her eyes*

Shadow Elanor summons a Shadow Ken from the ground, they dance intimately.

Elanor: How he'll touch her

Shadow Ken pulls Shadow Elanor close, their shadows combine. When they part it is Shadow Diane and Shadow Ken, Shadow Elanor is in the middle.

Elanor: I let my mind play games with me. *shaking her head in tears* Always imagining the worst!

Shadow Diane and Shadow Ken dance around Shadow Elanor.

Elanor: The way she sounds

Shadow Diane takes the front

Elanor: What her skin feels like

Shadow Elanor reaches out to Shadow Diane. Shadow Diane pulls her into a dance.
Shadow Ken fades backwards and disappears.

Shadow Elanor and Shadow Diane dance an epic tango. It ends with a kiss.

We zoom into Elanor opening her eyes in shock.

# S 8: Diane

Diane: A few days later, Elanor who came to drop off my things. I almost wanted ask her to leave it at the door. I couldn't bare for anyone to see me that day.

Kai: Why not?

Diane: Since Ken's call I haven't left my house. *looks down* But I didn't want to treat her like a deliveryman during the pandemic.

# S 9: Elanor

Elanor: When I waited at Diane's door my heart was pounding. I was more nervous than when I went to find out who's the woman my husband is seeing.

Kai: How is this different?

Elanor: It was a weird mix of excitement, nervous, and strange sadness. This will be the last time I will see her, only having just met her. I feel I might be missing out on the chance of something... I don't know.

Kai: You two did have a deep conversation last time you talked.

Elanor: Yes. When she opened the door, I saw someone I didn't want to recognize. My mother had depression when we were growing up. She'll do her duties as a wife and mother, then after that sleep all day.

Kai: And you saw it in Diane.

Elanor: Yes, but this was more acute. She looks like she hasn't showered in days. When I came into her apartment, I saw one of Ken's sweaters. I bet she's been living in it, and only took it off when she saw it was me at the door.

# 10. Diane's apartment

Elanor: Ken wanted to come see you to give these things back. But I felt it will be easier for us all, if he didn't.

Diane: *nods* 

- [ ] Somehow Elanor talks herself into the apartment

Diane: I saw the way she looked at me and my apartment. I didn't want her to pity me.

*Her couch has a big weighted blanket, Ken's sweater, plushies, and pillows. It looks as if she migrated the contents of her bed into the couch. There is a start contrast between the sparking clean kitchen with a vitamix, bowl of fruits. Line up as almost ritualistically are empty liquor and wine bottles. It was a space that was normally clean and minimalist, that acquuired a new found clutter.* 

Elanor: *picks up an empty wine bottle* oh! I love this too. Have you tried their orange wine?

Diane: No, I haven't. I only drink reds.

Elanor: Even in the summer? You know, it's okay to like sweet things one in a while.

Diane: *sheepish smile*

Elanor: I know, I'm not your favorite person right now.

Diane: *starts picking up the clutter around the room, not looking at Elanor* I don't blame you. It was bond to happen. *She throw them in the recycle bing* It would have been silly to think our relationship could have turned out any differently.

Elanor: Maybe go for someone who's single next time?

Diane: *sighs* Don't think my heart has capacity for a next time.

Elanor: Just give it time.

Diane:*shakes her head* no, it's not just this. It's all of it, I'm tired of trying to find the one.

Elanor: Do you still believe that exist? The one?

Diane: Even if it doesn't, I feel it's the delusion we must tell ourselves to keep going.

Elanor: Even if it doesn't we can still keep going. When we got married, I thought I had found the one.
But through the years of marriage, I've come to learn that it's less about destiny but choice.

Diane: Like the act of me being on the apps in a choice? I am making an effort to find the one by seeeking it rather than waiting?

Elanor: Some what. How do you figure out if someone is the one?

Diane: It's just a feeling. I haven't really had that feeling with anyone in a very long time.... well I've had with Ken, but...

Elanor: Does the feeling tell you if you guys will be compatiable or not?

Diane: *thinks for a long moment* probably not. 

Elanor: Why don't you try my approach to dating for a while, and let me know how it turns out.

```
Diane believes in soulmates
Elanor believes that its more about who we decide to spend our lives with
How do their different perspectives collide?
More importantly, how do they find common ground?

What are their different live experiences that lead them to their beliefs?
Elanor's parents are disinterested in eachother and tolerate eachother. But at the same hand, she never saw it as bad. And just believe that's the way marriage is suppose to be. You stick together for the children, for the peace of a community. Elanor's choices to marry Ken and uphold traditions is out of wanting to keep the stability.

Diane's was raised by her mom. Her mom believe that she had already found the one, and he died. Having never seen her parents in a real relationship, she only had stories to model her vision of romance from.
She's idealistic, she wants a story book romance.

Diane teaches Elanor to dream, and Elanor keeps Diane grounded.

```



# Intermission

> Shadow of Elanor and Diane walking on a tight stairwell, they notice each other and slows down. When they are on the same step the pause for a very long moment.

# S 4: night Diane
> Elanor's feelings from the last scene are reflected back
> Diane is wearing the same shaw as Elanor from the previous scene.


> Kai: When was the last time you saw Ken?
> Diane falls for it and tells them about when she went to visit Elanor,
> after she senses something is wrong.


> Kai: Did you kill Kenji Ishida?
> 
> Elanor: *looks down and diverts her gaze* It was an accident
> 

> Diane: No, because I killed Kenji Ishida.

# S 5: 6am Kai solves the case

> Ends with Diane pulling up in a convertable. Reveals Elanor walking down the steps of of the agency, shows they are next to a marriage counseling therapist, and an adult toys store. Elanor kisses Diane.
